{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red51\green51\blue51;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green255\blue255;\red128\green100\blue162;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green77\blue187;\red0\green0\blue128;\red155\green187\blue89;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10240}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\f0\fs36\lang9 Welcome to AI for everyone\fs28 .\par
\highlight3 AI is changing the way we work and live and this \highlight4 nontechnical course \highlight3 will teach you how to navigate the rise of AI. Whether you want to know what's behind the buzzwords or whether you want to perhaps use AI yourself either in a personal context or in a corporation or other organization,\par
this course will teach you how. If you want to understand \highlight4 how AI is affecting society, \highlight3 and how you can navigate that, you also learn that from this course.In this first week,we'll start by cutting through the hype and giving you a realistic view \highlight4 of what AI really is. \highlight3 Let's get started. You've probably seen news articles about how much value AI is creating.According to a study by \highlight2 McKinsey Global Institute, \highlight5 AI\highlight3  is estimated to \highlight5 create\highlight3  an additional \highlight5 13 trillion US dollars of\highlight3  value annually by the year \highlight5 2030.\par
\highlight3 Even though AI is already creating tremendous amounts of value into \highlight5 software industry\highlight3 , a lot of the value to be created in a future lies outside the software industry. In sectors such \highlight5 as retail, travel, transportation\highlight3 ,\par
\highlight5 automotive, materials, manufacturing and so on.\highlight3 I should have a hard time thinking of an industry that I don't think AI will have a huge impact on in the next several years. My friends and I used a challenge each other to name and industry where \highlight4 we don't think AI will have a huge impact\highlight3 .\par
My best example was the \highlight4 hairdressing industry \highlight3 because weknow how to use AI robotics to automate hairdressing. But, I once said this on stage\par
and one of \highlight2 my friends who isa robotics professor \highlight3 was in the audience that day, and she actually stood up and she looked at me in the eye and she said,"You know \highlight2 Andrew\highlight3 , most people's hairstyles,I couldn't get a robot to cut their hair that way."But she looked at me and said,"Your hairstyle Andrew, that a robot can do."There is a lot of excitement but also a lot\par
of unnecessary hype about AI.One of the reasons for this is because\par
\highlight4 AI is actually two separate ideas\highlight3 .Almost all the \highlight5 progress we are seeing \highlight3 in the AI today \highlight2 is artificial narrow intelligence\highlight3 .These are AIs that do\par
one thing such as a smart speaker or a self-driving car or AI to do web search or AI applications in farming or in a factory.\par
These types of AI are\par
one trick ponies but when you find the appropriate trick,\par
this can be incredibly valuable.\par
Unfortunately\highlight2 , AI also refers to\par
a second concept of\par
AGI or artificial general intelligence.\par
\highlight3 That is the \highlight4 goal to build AI.\par
\highlight3 They can do anything a human can do or maybe even be\par
superintelligence and do even more things\par
than any human can.\par
I'm seeing \highlight4 tons of progress in ANI\highlight3 ,\par
artificial narrow intelligence and \highlight2 almost no progress\highlight3\par
to what AGI or artificial general intelligence.\par
Both of these are worthy goals and\par
unfortunately the rapid progress in\par
ANI which is incredibly valuable,\par
that has caused people to conclude\par
that there's a lot of progress in AI, which is true.\par
But that has caused people to\par
falsely think that there might be a lot of\par
progress in AGI as\par
well which is leading to some irrational fears\par
about evil clever robots coming over\par
to take over humanity anytime now.\par
I think AGI is\par
an exciting goal for researchers to work on,\par
but it'll take most for\par
technological breakthroughs before we get\par
there and it may be decades or\par
hundreds of years or even thousands of years away.\par
Given how far away AGI is,\par
I think \highlight4 there is no need to unduly worry about it.\par
\highlight3 In this week, you will learn what ANI\par
can do and how to apply them to your problems.\par
Later in this, course you'll also see\par
some case studies of how ANI,\par
this one trick ponies can be used to build\par
really valuable applications such\par
as smart speakers and self-driving cars.\par
In this week, you will learn why this AI.\par
You may have heard of machine learning and\par
the next video will teach you what is machine learning.\par
You also learn what is data and what types of\par
data are valuable but also what\par
does the data are not valuable.\par
You learn what it is that makes\par
a company an AI company or an AI first company\par
so that perhaps you can start\par
thinking if there are ways to improve\par
your company or other organizations ability\par
to use AI and importantly,\par
you also learned this week what\par
machine learning can and cannot do.\par
In our society, newspapers\par
as well as research papers tend to talk only\par
about the success stories of\par
machine learning and AI and we hardly\par
ever see any failure stories\par
because they just aren't as interesting to report on.\par
But for you to have a realistic view of what\par
AI and what machine learning can or cannot do,\par
I think is important that you\par
see examples of both so that you can\par
make more accurate judgements about what you may\par
and maybe should not try to use these technologies for.\par
Finally\highlight4 , a lot of the recent rise of,\par
machine learning has been driven\par
through the rise of Deep Learning.\par
Sometimes also called Neural Networks.\par
\highlight3 In the final two optional videos of this week,\par
you can also see an \highlight2 intuitive explanation\highlight3\par
of deep learning so that you will better\par
understand what they can do particularly\par
for a set of narrow ANI tasks.\par
So, that's what you learn\par
this week and by the end of this week,\par
you have a sense of\par
AI technologies and what they can and cannot do.\par
In the second week,\par
you'll learn how these AI technologies can be\par
used to build valuable projects.\par
You learn what it feels like to build\par
an AI project as what as what you should\par
do to make sure you select\par
projects that are technically feasible\par
as well as valuable to you\par
or your business or other organization.\par
After learning what it takes to build AI projects,\par
in the third week you'll learn\par
how to build AI in your company.\par
In particular, if you want to take\par
a few steps toward making your company good at AI,\par
you see the AI transformation playbook and learn how\par
to build AI teams and also built complex AI products.\par
Finally, AI is having a huge impact on society.\par
In a fourth and final week,\par
you'll learn about how AI systems can be\par
bias and how to diminish or eliminate such biases.\par
You also learn how AI is affecting\par
developing economies and how AI is affecting\par
jobs and be better able to navigate\par
this rise of AI for yourself and for your organization.\par
By the end of this four recourse,\par
you'll be more knowledgeable and better\par
qualified than even the CEOs of\par
most large companies in terms of\par
your understanding of AI technology as well as\par
your ability to help yourself or your company or\par
other organization navigate the rise of\par
AI as I hope that after this course,\par
you'll be in a position to\par
provide leadership to others as\par
well as they navigate these issues.\par
Now, one of the major technologies\par
driving the recent rise of AI is Machine Learning.\par
But what is Machine Learning?\par
Let's take a look in the next video.\par
\highlight6\fs32 The \highlight2 rise of AI \highlight6 has been largely driven by\par
\highlight2 one tool in AI called machine learning.\par
\highlight6 In this video, you'll learn what\par
is machine learning, so that by the end,\par
you hope we will start thinking how machine learning\par
might be applied to your company or to your industry.\par
\highlight4 The most commonly used type\par
of machine learning is a type of AI\par
that learns A to B,\par
or input to output mappings.\par
\highlight7 This is called supervised learning.\par
\highlight6 Let's see some examples.\par
If \cf2\highlight0 the input A is an email \cf1\highlight6 and\par
the \cf8\highlight0 output B one is email spam or not, zero one.\par
\cf1\highlight6 Then this is the core piece of AI\par
used to \cf2 build a spam filter.\par
\cf1 Or if the \cf4 input is an audio clip\cf1 ,\par
and the \cf4 AI's job is to output the text transcript\cf1 ,\par
then \cf2 this is speech recognition.\par
\cf1 More examples, if you want to\par
\cf4 input English \cf1 and have \cf4 it output a different language,\cf1\par
Chinese, Spanish, something else,\par
then this is \cf2 machine translation\cf1 .\par
Or the \cf9\highlight2 most lucrative form of supervised learning,\cf1\highlight6\par
of this type of machine learning\par
maybe \cf2 be online advertising,\par
\cf1 where all the large online ad platforms have\par
a piece of AI that \cf4 inputs some information about an ad,\par
\cf1 and \cf4 some information about you\cf1 ,\par
and \highlight2 tries to figure out,\par
will you click on this ad or not?\par
\highlight6 By showing you the ads you're most likely to click on,\par
this turns out to be very lucrative.\par
Maybe not the most inspiring application,\par
but certainly having a huge economic impact today.\par
Or if you want to build a self-driving car,\par
one of the key pieces of AI\par
is in the AI that takes \cf10 as \cf2 input\cf10  an image,\par
\cf1 and \cf10 some information from\cf1\par
and \cf2 output the position of other cars,\cf1\par
so your self-driving car can avoid the other cars.\par
Or in manufacturing.\par
I've actually done a lot of work in\par
manufacturing where you take\par
as \cf2 input a picture of something you've just manufactured\cf1 ,\par
such as a picture of\par
a cell phone coming off the assembly line.\par
This is a picture of a phone,\par
not a picture taken by a phone,their radar, or from other sensors,\par
\par
\cf4 and you want to output,\par
is there a scratch, or is there a dent,\par
or some other defects on\par
this thing you've just manufactured?\par
\cf1 And this is visual inspection which is helping\par
\fs28 manufacturers to reduce or\par
prevent defects in the things that they're making.\par
\highlight7 This set of AI called supervised learning,\par
just learns input to output,\par
or A to B mappings.\par
On one hand, input to output,\par
A to B it seems quite limiting.\par
But when you find a right application scenario,\par
this can be incredibly valuable.\par
\highlight6 Now, the idea of supervised learning\par
has been around for many decades.\par
But it's really taken off in\par
the last few years. Why is this?\par
Well, my friends asked me, "Hey Andrew,\par
\highlight2 why is supervised learning taking off now?"\highlight6\par
There's a picture I draw for them.\par
I want to show you this picture now,\par
and you may be able to draw this picture for\par
others that ask you the same question as well.\par
Let's say on the \highlight3 horizontal axis you\par
plot the amount of data you have for a task.\par
\highlight6 So, for speech recognition,\par
this might be the amount of\par
audio data and transcripts you have.\par
In lot of industries,\par
the amount of data you have access to\par
has really grown over the last couple of decades.\par
Thanks to the rise of the Internet,\par
the rise of computers.\par
A lot of what used to be say pieces of paper,\par
are now instead recorded on a digital computer.\par
So, we've just been getting more and more data.\par
Now, let's say on the \cf4 vertical axis \cf1 you plot\par
\cf9 the performance of an AI system.\cf1\par
It turns out that if you use a traditional AI system,\par
then the performance would grow like this,\par
\highlight4 that as you feed in more data\par
is performance gets a bit better.\par
\highlight7 But beyond a certain point it\par
did not get that much better.\par
\highlight6 So it's as if your speech recognition system\par
did not get that much more accurate,\par
or your online advertising system didn't get that\par
much more accurate that's showing the most relevant ads,\par
even as you show the more data.\par
\highlight2 AI has really taken off recently due to\par
the rise of neural networks and deep learning.\par
\highlight6 I'll define these terms more precise in later video,\par
so don't worry too much about what it means for now.\par
But with modern AI,\par
with neural networks and deep learning,\par
what we saw was that,\par
if you train a small neural network,\par
then the performance looks like this,\par
where as you feed them more data,\par
performance keeps getting better for much longer.\par
If you train a even slightly larger neural network,\par
say medium-sized neural net,\par
then the performance may look like that.\par
If you train a very large neural network,\par
then the performance just\par
keeps on getting better and better.\par
For applications like speech recognition,\par
online advertising, building self-driving car,\par
where having a high-performance,\par
highly accurate, say\par
speech recognition system is important,\par
enable these AI systems get much better,\par
and make speech recognition products\par
much more acceptable to users,\par
much more valuable to companies and to users.\par
Now, a few couple of implications of this figure.\par
\highlight4 If you want the best possible levels of performance,\par
\highlight6 your performance to be up here,\par
to hit this level of performance,\par
then \highlight7 you need two things: One is,\par
it really helps to have a lot of data.\par
So that's why sometimes you hear about big data.\par
Having more data almost always helps.\par
\highlight4 The second thing is, you want to be able\par
to train a very large neural network\highlight6 .\par
So, the rise of fast computers, including \highlight2 Moore's law,\par
\highlight6 but also the rise of\par
specialized processors such as\par
graphics processing units or GPUs,\par
\fs22 which you'll hear more about in a later video,\par
has enabled many companies,\par
\fs28 not just a giant tech companies,\par
but many many other companies to\par
be able to train large neural nets on\par
a large enough amount of data in order to get\par
very good performance and drive business value.\par
The most important idea in AI has \highlight3 been machine learning,\par
has basically supervised learning,\par
which means A to B,\par
or input to output mappings.\par
What enables it to work really well is data.\highlight6 In the next video,lt's take a look at what isthe data and what data you might already have?\par
\cf9\highlight5 And how to think about feeding this into AI systems.\par
Let's go on to the next video.You may have heard that data is\par
really important for building AI systems.\par
But, what is data really? Let's take a look.\par
Let's look at an example of \cf1\highlight4 a table of\par
data which we also call a dataset.\cf9\highlight5\par
If you're trying to figure out how to\par
price houses that you're trying to buy or sell,\par
you might collect a dataset like this,\par
and this \cf1\highlight3 can be just a spreadsheet,\par
like a MS excel spreadsheet of data\cf9\highlight5\par
where one column is the size of the house,\par
say in square feet or square meters,\par
\fs22 and the second column is the price of the house.\par
So, if you're trying to build\par
\highlight4 a \cf2\fs28 AI system or Machine Learning system to help\par
you set prices for\par
houses or figure out if a house is priced appropriately\fs22 ,\par
\cf9\highlight5 you might decide that the size of the house is\par
A and the price of the house is B,\par
and have an AI system learn\par
this input to output or A to B mapping.\par
Now, rather than just\par
\fs28 pricing a house based on their size,\par
you might say, "Well,\par
let's also collect data on\par
\cf1\highlight6 the number of bedrooms of this house."\par
In that case, A can be both of these first two columns,\par
and B can be just the price of the house.\par
So, given that table of data,\par
given the dataset, it's actually up to you,\par
up to \highlight4 your business use case to\par
decide what is A and what is B.\par
\highlight6 Data is often unique to your business,\par
and this is an example of a dataset that\par
a rural state agency might have that\par
they tried to help price houses.\par
It's \fs24 up to you to decide what is A and what is B,\par
and how to choose these definitions of A and\par
B to make it valuable for your business.\par
As another example, if you have a certain budget\par
and you want to decide what\par
is the size of house you can afford,\par
then you might decide that\par
the input A is how much does someone\par
spend and B is just the size of the house in square feet,\par
and that would be a totally different choice\par
of A and B that tells you,\par
\fs22 given a certain budget,\par
what's the size of the house you\par
should be maybe looking at.\par
Here's another example of a dataset.\par
Let's say that you want to build\par
\cf2\highlight4\fs28 a AI system to recognize cats in pictures\cf1\highlight6 .\fs22\par
I'm not sure why you might want to do that,\par
but maybe the fun mobile app,\par
and you want \cf2\fs28 to tag all the pictures of cats.\par
\cf1\fs22 So, \cf2\highlight4\fs28 you might collect a dataset where\par
the input A is a set of\par
different images and the output B are labels that says,\par
"First picture is a cat, that's not a cat.\par
\cf1\highlight6\fs22 That's a cat, that's not a cat" and have\par
an AI input a picture A and output\par
B is it the cats or not so you can tag\par
all the cat pictures on\par
your photo feed or your mobile app.\par
In Machine Learning tradition,\par
there's actually a lot of cats in Machine Learning.\par
I think some of this started when I\par
was leaving \cf2\fs36 the Google Brain team and\cf1\fs22\par
we published the results\par
\highlight4\fs28 with somewhat infamous Google cat,\par
where an AI system learn to detect\par
cats from watching YouTube videos.\highlight6\par
But since then, there's been a tradition of using\par
cats as a running example when talking\par
about Machine Learning with apologies to\par
all the dog lovers out there. I love dogs too.\par
So, data is important.\par
But how do you get data?\par
\cf4\highlight2 How do you acquire data?\par
\cf1\highlight6 Well\cf4\highlight11 ,\highlight7  \cf0 one way to get data is manual labeling\cf4 .\par
\cf1\highlight6 For example, you might \cf2\highlight4 collect a set of\par
pictures\cf1\highlight6  like these over here,\par
and then you might either yourself or have someone\par
\cf2\highlight4 else go through these pictures and label each of them\cf1\highlight6 .\par
So, the first one is a cat,\par
second one is not a cat,\par
\fs22 third one is a cat, fourth one is not a cat.\par
By manually labeling each of these images,\par
\highlight4\fs28 you now have a dataset for building a cat detector\highlight6\fs22 .\par
To do that, you actually need more than four pictures.\par
You might need hundreds of thousands of pictures\par
but manual labeling is\par
a tried and true way of getting\par
a dataset where you have both A and B.\par
\cf0\highlight7\fs32 Another way to get a dataset is from\par
observing user behaviors or other types of behaviors.\par
\cf1\highlight6\fs22 So, for example, let's say you run\par
a website that sells things online.\par
So, \highlight3 an e-commerce or an electronic commerce\par
website where you offer\par
things to users at different prices,\par
\fs28 and you can just observe if they buy your product or not.\par
So, just through the act of\par
either buying or not buying your product,\par
you may be able to collected a data set like this,\par
where you can store the user ID,\par
the time the user visited your website,\par
the price you offer the product to the users\par
as well as whether or not they purchased it.\par
So, just by using your website,\par
\highlight6 users can generate this data from you.\par
\fs22 This was an example of observing user behaviors.\fs28\par
\highlight4\fs32 We can also observe\par
behaviors of other things such as machines\highlight6\fs22 .\par
If you run a large machine\par
in a factory and you want to predict\par
if a machine is about to fail or have a fault,\par
then just by observing the behavior of a machine,\par
you can then record a dataset like this.\par
There's a machine ID, there's\par
a temperature of the machine,\par
there's a pressure within the machine,\par
and then did the machine fail or not.\par
If your application is prevent the maintenance,\par
say you want to figure out if a machine is about to fail,\par
then you could for example,\par
\highlight5 choose this as the input A\par
and choose that as the output B to\par
try to figure out if a machine is\par
about to fail in which case you might\par
do preventative maintenance on the machine.\par
\highlight7\fs36 The third and very common way of acquiring data is\par
to download it from\par
a website or to get it from a partner.\par
\highlight6\fs22 Thanks to the open internet, there's just so many,\par
there's as that you can download for free,\par
ranging from computer vision or image datasets,\par
to self-driving car datasets,\par
to speech recognition datasets,\par
to medical imaging data sets to many many more.\par
So, if your application needs a type of data,\par
you just download off the web\par
keeping in mind licensing and copyright,\par
then that could be a great way to\par
get started on the application.\par
Finally, if you're working with a partner,\par
say you're working with a factory,\par
then they may already have\par
collected a big dataset, machines,\par
and temperatures, and pressure into the machines fail\par
not that they could give to you.\par
\highlight7\fs36 Data is important, but there's also little\par
bit over-hyped and sometimes misused.\par
\highlight6\fs22 Let me just describe to you \cf0\highlight3\fs32 two of\par
the most common misuses\par
or the bad ways of thinking about data.\par
\cf1\highlight6\fs22 When I speak of seals of large companies,\par
a few of them have even said to me,\par
"Hey Andrew\highlight5\fs28 , give me three years to build \cf2\fs40 up my IT team\cf1 ,\fs28\par
we're collecting so much data.\par
Then after three years, I'll have this perfect dataset,\par
and then we'll do AI then."\par
\highlight2 It turns out that's a really bad strategy\highlight5 .\par
\highlight6\fs22 Instead, what I recommend to every company,\par
is \cf9\highlight2\fs32 once you've started collecting some data,\par
go ahead and start showing\par
it or feeding it to an AI team.\par
Because often, the AI team can give\par
feedback to your IT team on\par
what types of data to collect and what types\par
of IT infrastructure to keep on building.\par
For example, maybe an AI team can look\par
\cf1\highlight6\fs22 at your factory data and say, "Hey. You know what?\par
If you can collect data from\par
this big manufacturing machine,\par
\highlight4\fs24 not just once every ten minutes,\par
but instead once every one minute,\par
\highlight6\fs22 then we could do a much better job building\par
a preventative maintenance systems for you."\par
So, \highlight4 there's often this interplay of this back\par
and forth between IT and AI teams,\par
and my advise is usually try to get\par
feedback from AI earlier,\par
because it can help you guide\par
the development of your IT infrastructure.\par
\highlight7\fs36 Second, misuse of data.\par
\highlight6\fs22 Unfortunately, I've seen \highlight3\fs36 some CEOs\par
read about the importance of the trend in use,\par
and then say, "Hey,\par
I have so much data.\par
Surely, \cf2 an AI team can make \cf1 it valuable."\par
\highlight4\fs28 Unfortunately, this doesn't always work out.\par
More data is usually better than less data,\par
but I wouldn't take it for granted that just because\par
you have many terabytes or gigabytes of data,\par
that an AI team can actually make that valuable.\par
So, my advice is don't throw data\par
in a AI team and assume it will be valuable\highlight6\fs22 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx4680 In fact, in one extreme case,\par
I saw one company go and acquire\par
a whole string of other companies in medicine,\par
on the thesis, on\par
the hypothesis that their data would be very valuable.\par
Now, a couple years later,\par
as far as I know the engineers have\par
not yet figured out how to\par
\fs28 take all this data and actually create value out of it.\par
So, \highlight4 sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.\par
\highlight6 But, \highlight3\fs32 they will not over-invest\par
in just acquiring data for the sake of\par
data until unless you're\par
also getting an AI team to take a look at it.\par
Because, they can help guide you to think through\par
what is the data that is actually the most valuable.\par
\highlight7\fs36 Finally, data is messy.\highlight4\par
\highlight6\fs28 You may have heard the phrase garbage in garbage out,\par
and if you have bad data,\par
then the AI will learn inaccurate things.\par
\highlight4\fs32 Here are some examples of data problems.\highlight6\fs28\par
Let's say you have this data sets of size of houses,\par
number of bedrooms, and the price.\par
You \highlight2 can have incorrect labels \highlight3 or just incorrect data\highlight6 .\par
For example, this house is \highlight3 probably not going to sell\par
for $0.1 just for one dollar\highlight6 .\par
Or, data \highlight2 can also have missing \highlight6 values such as\par
\fs22 we have here a whole bunch of unknown values.\par
\fs32 So, your \highlight2 AI team \highlight4 will need to figure\par
out how to clean up the data or\par
how to deal with these incorrect labels\par
and all missing values.\par
\highlight6 There are also \highlight7\fs40 multiple types of data\highlight6\fs32 .\par
For example, sometimes you hear\par
about \highlight4 images, audio, and text.\par
\highlight6 These are types of data that humans find it\par
very easy to interpret. There's a term for this.\par
\highlight3\fs44 This is called unstructured data,\par
\highlight6\fs32 and there's a certain types\par
of \highlight4 AI techniques that could work\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight6 with \highlight4 images to recognize cats or\par
audios to recognize speech or texts,\par
or understand that email is spam.\par
\highlight6 Then, there are also \highlight5\fs44 datasets like the one on the right.\par
This is an example of structured data.\par
\highlight4\fs32 That basically means data that lives\par
in a giant spreadsheet,\par
\highlight7 and the techniques for dealing\par
with unstructured data are little\par
bit different than the techniques for\par
dealing with structured data.\par
\fs28 But AI techniques can work very\par
well for both of these types of data,\par
unstructured data and structured data.\par
\highlight6 In this video, you learned what is data\par
and you also saw how not to misuse data,\par
\highlight3\fs48 for example by over-investing in\par
an IT infrastructure in the hope\par
that it will be useful for AI in the future\highlight6\fs32 ,\par
but we're actually checking that they're really will be\par
useful for the AI applications you want to build.\par
Finally, you \highlight2\fs40 saw data is messy.\par
But a good AI team would be\par
the help you deal with all of these problems.\par
\highlight0\fs32 Now, AI has a complicated terminology\par
when people throw around terms like AI,\par
Machine Learning, Data Science.\par
What I want to do in the next video is share\par
with you what these terms actually mean,\par
so that you'd be able to confidently and\par
accurately talk about these concepts with others.\par
\fs22 Let's go on to the next video.\par
\par
\par
You might have heard terminology from AI,\par
such as \highlight3\fs28 machine learning or\par
data science or neural networks or deep learning.\par
\highlight0\fs22 What do these terms mean?\par
In this video, you'll see what is\par
this terminology of the most important concepts of AI,\par
so that you will speak with others about it and start\par
thinking how these things could apply in your business.\par
Let's get started. Let's say you have\par
a housing dataset like this with the size of the house,\par
number of bedrooms, number of bathrooms,\par
whether the house is newly renovated as was the price.\par
If you want to build\par
a mobile app to help people price houses,\par
so this would be the input A,\par
and this would be the output B.\par
Then, this would be a machine-learning system,\par
and particular would be one of\par
those machine learning systems that\par
learns inputs to outputs,\par
or A to B mappings.\par
So\highlight4\fs36 , machine learning often results\par
in a running AI system.\par
\highlight0\fs22 So, it's a piece of software that anytime of day,\par
anytime of night you can automatically input\par
A these properties of house and output B.\par
So, if you have an AI system running,\par
serving dozens or hundreds of thousands\par
of millions of users,\par
that's usually a machine-learning system.\par
In contrast, here's something else you might want to do,\par
which is to have a team analyze\par
your dataset in order to gain insights.\par
So, a team might come up with a conclusion like,\par
"Hey, did you know if you have\par
two houses of a similar size,\par
they've a similar square footage,\par
if the house has three bedrooms,\par
then they cost a lot more than the house of two bedrooms,\par
even if the square for this is the same."\par
Or, "Did you know that\par
newly renovated homes have a 15% premium,\par
and this can help you make decisions such as,\par
given a similar square footage,\par
do you want to build a two bedroom or\par
three bedroom size in order to maximize value? "\par
Or, "Is it worth an\par
investment to renovate a home in the hope that\par
the renovation increases the price\par
you can sell a house for?"\par
So, these would be examples of data science projects,\par
where the output of a data science project is\par
a set of insights that\par
can help you make business decisions,\par
such as what type of house to\par
build or whether to invest in renovation.\par
\cf9\highlight2\fs44 The boundaries between these two terms,\par
\cf1\highlight3\fs28 machine learning and data science\highlight0\fs22\par
are actually little bit buzzy,\par
and these terms are not used\par
consistently even in industry today.\par
But what I'm giving here is maybe\par
the most commonly used definitions of these terms,\par
but you will not find\par
universal adherence to these definitions.\par
To formalize these two notions a bit more,\par
\highlight3\fs32 machine learning is the field of study that\par
gives computers the ability to learn\par
without being explicitly programmed.\par
\highlight0\fs22 This is a definition \highlight2\fs36 by Arthur Samuel many \highlight0\fs22 decades ago.\par
\highlight4 Arthur Samuel was one of\par
the pioneers of machine learning,\par
\highlight0 who was famous for \fs36 building a checkers playing program.\par
\fs22 They could play checkers,\par
even better than he himself,\par
the inventor could play the game.\par
So, \highlight4\fs28 a machine learning project will often\par
results in a piece of software that runs,\par
that outputs B given A.\par
\highlight0\fs22 In contrast\highlight3\fs40 , data science is\par
the size of extracting knowledge and insights from data.\par
\highlight0\fs22 So\highlight4\fs28 , the output of\par
a data science project is often a slide deck,\par
the PowerPoint presentation that\par
summarizes conclusions for executives to take\par
business actions or that summarizes conclusions for\par
a product team to decide how to improve a website.\par
\highlight0\fs22 Let me give an example of machine learning versus\par
data science in the online advertising industry.\par
Today, to launch our platforms,\par
all have a piece of AI that quickly\par
tells them what's the ad you are most likely to click on.\par
So, that's a machine learning system.\par
This turns out to be incredibly\par
\highlight3\fs40 lucrative AI system to inputs\par
enrich about you and about the ad\par
\highlight0\fs22 and \highlight2\fs40 outputs where you click on this or not.\par
\highlight4\fs22 These systems are running 24-7\highlight0 .\par
These are machine learning systems that\par
drive our gravity for these companies,\par
such as \highlight4 a piece of software that runs.\par
\highlight0 In contrast, I have also done\par
data science projects in the online advertising industry.\par
If analyzing data tells you, for example,\par
that the travel industry is not buying a lot of ads,\par
but if you send more salespeople\par
to sell ads to travel companies,\par
you could convince them to use more advertising,\par
then that would be an example of\par
a data science project and\par
the data science conclusion the results and the\par
executives deciding to ask a sales team\par
to spend more time reaching out to the travel industry.\par
So, even in one company,\par
you may have different machine learning\par
and data science projects,\par
both of which can be incredibly valuable.\par
You have also heard of deep learning.\par
So, \highlight7\fs48 what is deep learning?\par
\highlight0\fs22 Let's say you want to \cf2\fs36 predict housing prices,\par
\cf1\fs22 you want to price houses.\par
So, you \fs32 will have an input\par
\fs22 that \highlight4\fs28 tells you the size of the house,\par
number of bedrooms, number of bathrooms\par
and whether it's newly renovated.\par
\cf12\fs44 One of the most effective ways to price houses\cf1\highlight0\fs22 ,\par
\highlight7\fs32 given this input A would be to feed it to\par
this thing here in order to have it output the price.\par
This big thing in the middle is called a \highlight2 neural network,\highlight7\par
and sometimes we also called\par
an \highlight2\fs40 artificial neural network.\par
\highlight0\fs22 That's to distinguish it from\par
the neural network that is in your brain.\par
So, the human brain is made up of neurons.\par
So, when we say artificial neural network,\par
that's just to emphasize that\par
this is not the biological brain,\par
but \cf9\highlight11\fs48 this is a piece of software.\par
\cf1\highlight0\fs22 What a neural network does,\par
or an artificial neural network does\par
is takes this input A,\par
which is all of these four things,\par
and then output B,\par
which is the estimated price of the house.\par
Now, in a later optional video this week,\par
I'll show you more,\par
what this artificial neural network really is.\par
But all of human cognition is made up\par
of neurons in your brain passing electrical impulses,\par
passing little messages each other.\par
\highlight3\fs40 When we draw a picture of an artificial neural network,\par
there's a very loose analogy to the brain.\par
These little circles are called artificial neurons,\par
or just neurons for short.\par
That also passes neurons to each other.\par
This big artificial neural network is\par
just a big mathematical equation\par
that tells it given the inputs A,\par
how do you compute the price B.\par
In case it seems like there a lot of details here,\par
\highlight0\fs22 don't worry about it.\par
We'll talk more about these details later.\par
But the key takeaways are that a neural network is\par
\cf9\highlight2\fs40 a very effective technique for\par
learning A to B or input-output mappings.\par
Today, the terms \highlight3 neural network \highlight2 and\par
\highlight3 deep learning \highlight2 are used almost \highlight3 interchangeably,\highlight2\par
\cf1\highlight0\fs22 they mean essentially the same thing.\par
Many decades ago, this type of\par
software was called a neural network.\par
But in recent years,\par
we found that deep learning was\par
just a much better sounding brand,\par
and so that for better or worse\par
is a term that's been taken off recently.\par
So, what do neural networks or\par
artificial neural networks have to do with the brain?\par
It turns out almost nothing.\par
Neural networks were originally inspired by the brain,\par
but the details of how they work are almost\par
completely unrelated to how biological brains work.\par
So, I choose very courses today about making\par
any analogies between artificial neural networks\par
and the biological brain,\par
even though there was some loose inspiration there.\par
So, AI has many different tools.\par
In this video, you learned about\par
what are machine learning and data science,\par
and also what is deep learning,\par
and what's a neural network.\par
You might also hear in the media\par
other buzzwords like unsupervised learning,\par
reinforcement learning, graphical models,\par
planning, knowledge graph, and so on.\par
You don't need to know what all\par
of these other terms mean,\par
but these are just other tools to getting\par
AI systems to make computers act intelligently.\par
I'll try to give you a sense of what some of\par
these terms mean in later videos as well.\par
But the most important tools that I hope you know about\par
are machine learning and\par
data science as well\par
as deep learning and neural networks,\par
which are a very powerful way to do machine learning,\par
and sometimes data science.\par
If we were to draw\par
a \highlight4\fs40 Venn diagram \highlight0\fs22 showing how\par
all these concepts put together,\par
this is what it may look like.\par
\highlight5\fs48 AI is this huge set of\par
tools for making computers behave intelligently\highlight0\fs22 .\par
Off AI, \highlight2\fs44 the biggest subset\par
is prairie tools from machine learning,\par
but AI does have other tools than machine learning,\par
\highlight0\fs22 such as some of these buzzwords,\par
are listed at the bottom.\par
\highlight7\fs44 The part of machine learning\par
that's most important these days\par
is neural networks or deep learning,\par
\highlight0\fs22 which is a very powerful set of tools for carrying out\par
supervised learning or A to\par
B mappings as well as some other things.\par
\highlight3\fs32 But there are also other machine learning tools that are\par
not just deep learning tools.\par
So, how does data science fit into this picture?\par
There is inconsistency in how the terminology is used.\par
\highlight4 Some people will tell you data science is a subset of AI.\par
Some people will tell you AI is a subset of data science.\par
So, it depends on who you ask.\par
\highlight3 But I would say that data science is maybe\par
a cross-cutting subset of\par
all of these tools that\par
uses many tools from\par
AI machine learning and deep learning,\par
but has some other separate tools as well that solves\par
a very set of important problems\par
in driving business insights.\par
In this video, you saw what is machine learning,\par
what is data science, and what is\par
deep learning and neural networks.\par
\highlight0\fs22 I hope this gives you a sense of\par
the most common and important terminology using AI,\par
and you can start thinking about how\par
these things might apply to your company.\par
Now, what does it mean for a company to be good at AI?\par
Let's talk about that in the next video.\par
\par
\par
\par
What makes a company good at AI?\par
Perhaps even more importantly,\par
what will it take for\par
your company to become great at using AI?\par
I had previously led the Google brain team,\par
and Baidu's AI group,\par
which I respectively helped Google and\par
Baidu become great AI companies.\par
So, what can you do for your company?\par
This is the lesson I had learned to washing\par
the rise of the Internet that I think will be\par
relevant to how all of us\par
navigate the rise of AI. Let's take a look.\par
A lesson we learned from\par
the rise of the Internet was that,\par
if you take your favorite shopping mall.\par
So, my wife and I sometimes shop at\par
Stanford shopping center and\par
you build a website for the Shopping mall.\par
Maybe sell things on the website,\par
that by itself does not turn\par
the shopping mall into an internet company.\par
In fact, a few years ago I was speaking with\par
the CEO of a large retail company who said to me,\par
"Hey Andrew, I have a website,\par
I sell things in the website."\par
Amazon has a website,\par
Amazon sells things on website is the same thing.\par
But of course it wasn't,\par
in the shopping mall with a website isn't\par
the same thing as a first-class internet company.\par
So, what is it that defines an internet company\par
if it isn't just whether or not you\par
sell things on the website?\par
I think an Internet company is a company\par
that does the thing that internet let you do really well.\par
For example, we engage and pervasive AB testing.\par
Meaning we routinely threw up\par
two different versions of website\par
and see which one works better because we can.\par
So, we learn much faster.\par
Whereas in a traditional shopping mall,\par
very difficult to have\par
two shopping malls in two parallel universes\par
and you can only maybe change things\par
around every quarter or every six months.\par
Internet company is since a very short iteration times.\par
You can ship a new product every week\par
or maybe even every day because you\par
can whereas a shopping mall can be redesigned and\par
we are protected only every several months.\par
Internet companies also tend to\par
push decision-making down from\par
the CEO to the engineers and to\par
other specialized rules such that the product managers.\par
This is in contrast to a traditional shopping mall.\par
We can maybe have the CEO just decide\par
all the key decisions and then\par
just everyone does what the CEO says.\par
It turns out that traditional model doesn't work in\par
the internet era because only the engineers and\par
other specialized roles like\par
product managers know enough about\par
the technology and the product and\par
the users to make great decisions.\par
So, these are some of the things\par
that internet companies do in\par
order to make sure they do the things that\par
the internet doesn't do really well.\par
This is a lesson we learned from the internet era.\par
How about the AI era?\par
I think that today,\par
you can take any company and have it\par
use a few neural networks\par
or few deep learning algorithms.\par
That by itself does not turn\par
the accompany into an AI company.\par
Instead, what makes a great AI company,\par
sometimes an AI first company is,\par
are you doing the things that AI lets you do really well?\par
For example, AI companies are very\par
good at strategic data acquisition.\par
This is why many of\par
the large consumer tech companies may have three products\par
that do not monetize and it allows them\par
to acquire data that they can monetize elsewhere.\par
Serve less strategy teams\par
where we would deliberately launch\par
products that do not make\par
any money just for the sake of data acquisition.\par
Thinking through how to get data\par
is a key part of the great AI companies.\par
AI companies sends a unified data warehouses.\par
If you have 50 different databases or\par
50 different data warehouses under\par
the control of 50 different Vice-Presidents,\par
then there will be impossible for an engineer to get\par
the data into one place so that they can\par
connect the dots and spot the patterns.\par
So, many great AI companies have\par
preemptively invested in bringing the data\par
together into single data warehouse to\par
increase the odds that the teams can connect the dots.\par
Subject of course to privacy guarantees and also\par
to data regulations such as GDPR in Europe.\par
AI companies are very good\par
at spotting automation opportunities.\par
We're very good at saying, Oh!\par
Let's insert the supervised learning algorithm\par
and have an ATP mapping\par
here so that we don't have to have people\par
do these tasks instead we can automate It.\par
AI companies also have many new roles such as the MLE or\par
Machine Learning Engineer and new ways of\par
dividing up tasks among different members of a team.\par
So, for a company to become good at AI means,\par
architecting for company to do the things that\par
AI makes it possible to do really well.\par
Now, for a company that become good at\par
AI does require a process.\par
In fact, 10 years ago,\par
Google and Baidu as well as companies\par
like Facebook and Microsoft that I was not a part of,\par
we're not great AI companies the way they are today.\par
So, how can a company become good at AI?\par
It turns out that becoming good at AI\par
is not a mysterious magical process.\par
Instead there is a systematic process\par
through which many companies,\par
almost any big company can become good at AI.\par
This is the five-step AI transformation playbook that\par
I recommend to companies that want to\par
become effective at using AI.\par
I'll give a brief overview of the playbook\par
here and they're going to detail in a later week.\par
Step one is to execute pilot projects to gain momentum.\par
So, just to a few small projects\par
to get a better sense of what AI can or cannot\par
do and get a better sense of what\par
doing an AI project feels like.\par
This you could do in house or you can\par
also do with an outsource team.\par
But eventually, you then need to do\par
step two which is the building in\par
house AI team and provide broad AI training,\par
not just to the engineers but also to the managers,\par
division leaders and executives\par
and how they think about AI.\par
After doing this or as you're doing this,\par
you have a better sense of what AI is and then\par
is important for many companies to\par
develop an AI strategy.\par
Finally, to align internal and external communications\par
so that all your stakeholders from employees,\par
customers and investors are aligns with how\par
your company is navigating the rise of AI.\par
AI has created tremendous value in\par
the software industry and will continue to do so.\par
It will also create\par
tremendous value outside the software industry.\par
If you can help your company become good at AI,\par
I hope you can play a leading role\par
in creating a lot of this value.\par
It is video you saw what is it that makes\par
a company a good AI company and\par
also briefly the AI transformation\par
playbook which I'll go into much greater detail\par
on in a later week as a road-map for\par
helping companies become great at AI.\par
If you're interested, there is also published\par
online an AI transformation playbook that\par
goes into these five steps in greater detail for you\par
see more of these in the later weeks as well.\par
Now, one of the challenges of doing AI projects such as\par
the pilot projects in step one is\par
understanding what AI can and cannot do.\par
In the next video, I want to show you and give you\par
some examples of what AI can and cannot do,\par
to help you better select projects AI\par
that there may be effective for your company.\par
That's gone to the next video. \par
In this video and the next video,\par
I hope to help you develop intuition\par
about what AI can and cannot do.\par
In practice, before I commit to a specific AI project,\par
I'll usually have either myself or engineers do\par
technical diligence on the project\par
to make sure that it is feasible.\par
This means: looking at the data, look at the input,\par
and output A and B, and just thinking through\par
if this is something AI can really do.\par
What I've seen unfortunately is that some CEOs can have\par
an inflated expectation of AI and can ask\par
engineers to do things that today's AI just cannot do.\par
One of the challenges is that the media,\par
as well as the academic literature,\par
tends to only report on\par
positive results or success stories using AI,\par
and we see a string of\par
success stories and no failure stories,\par
people sometimes think AI can do everything.\par
Unfortunately, that's just not true.\par
So, what I want to do in this and in the next video,\par
is to show you a few examples of what\par
today's AI technology can do,\par
but also what it cannot do,\par
and I hope that this will help you,\par
hone your intuition about what might be\par
more or less promising projects\par
to select for your company.\par
Previously, you saw this list of\par
AI applications from\par
spam filtering to speech recognition,\par
to machine translation, and so on.\par
One imperfect rule of thumb you can use to\par
decide what supervised learning may\par
or may not be able to do is that,\par
pretty much anything you could\par
do with a second of thought,\par
we can probably now or soon\par
automate using supervised learning,\par
using this input-output mapping.\par
So for example, in order\par
to determine the position of other cars,\par
that's something that you can do with less than a second.\par
In order to tell if a phone is scratched,\par
you can look at it and you\par
can tell in less than a second.\par
In order to understand\par
or at least transcribe what was said,\par
it doesn't take that many seconds of thought.\par
While this is an imperfect rule of thumb,\par
it maybe gives you a way to quickly think of\par
some examples of tasks that AI systems can do.\par
Whereas in contrast, something\par
that AI today cannot do would\par
be: to analyze a market and write a 50 page report,\par
a human cannot write\par
a 50 page mark of analysis report in a second,\par
and it's very difficult, at least I don't know.\par
I don't think any team in the world\par
today knows how to get\par
an AI system to do market research\par
and run an extended market report either.\par
I've found out one of the best ways to hone\par
intuition is to look at concrete examples.\par
So, let's take a look at a specific example,\par
relating to customer support automation.\par
Let's see a random website that sells things,\par
so an e-commerce company,\par
and you have a customer support division\par
that gets an email like this,\par
"The toy arrived two days late,\par
so I wasn't able to give it to my niece for her birthday.\par
Can I return it?" If what you want is an AI system\par
that looks at this and decides this is a refund request,\par
so let me route it to my refund department,\par
then I will say, you have a good chance of\par
building an AI system to do that.\par
The AI system would take as input,\par
the customer text, what the customer emails you,\par
and it would output,\par
is this a refund requests or is this a shipping problem,\par
or is it the other request,\par
in order to route this email to\par
the most appropriate parts of\par
your customer support center.\par
So, the input A is the text and\par
the output B is one of these three outcomes,\par
is it a refund or a shipping problem,\par
or shipping query, or is it a different requests.\par
So, this is something that AI today can do.\par
Here's something that AI today\par
cannot do which is if you want\par
the AI to input an email and automatically generate,\par
it responds like, "Oh, sorry to hear that.\par
I hope you're niece had a good birthday.\par
Yes, we can help with, and so on."\par
So, for an AI to output\par
a complicated piece of text like this today is very\par
difficult by today's standards of AI and in fact to\par
even empathize about the birthday of your niece,\par
that is very difficult to do for\par
every single possible type of email you might receive.\par
Now, what would happen if you were to use\par
a machine learning tool like\par
a deep learning algorithm to try to do this anyway.\par
So, let's say you tried to get\par
an AI system to input the user's email,\par
and output a two to the three paragraph,\par
empathetic and appropriate response.\par
Let's say that you have a modest-sized dataset like a\par
1,000 examples of user emails and appropriate responses.\par
It turns out if you run\par
an AI system on this type of data,\par
on a small dataset like 1,000 examples,\par
this may be the performance you get,\par
which is if a user emails,\par
"My box was damaged," they'll say,\par
"Thank you for your email," and it says,\par
"Where do I write a review?", "Thank you email."\par
"What's the return policy?", "Thank you for your email."\par
But the problem with building this type of\par
AI is that with just a 1,000 examples,\par
there's just not enough data for an AI system\par
to learn how to write to the three paragraph,\par
appropriate and empathetic responses.\par
So, you may end up just\par
generating the same very simple response like,\par
"Thank you for your email," no matter\par
what the customer is sending you.\par
Another thing that could go wrong,\par
another way for an AI system to fail is if it\par
generates gibberish such as:\par
"When is my box arriving," and it says,\par
"Thank, yes, now your," gibberish.\par
This is a hard enough problem that even with\par
10,000 or a 100,000 email examples,\par
I don't know if that would be\par
enough data for an AI system to do this well.\par
The rules for what AI can and cannot\par
do are not hardened first and I\par
usually end up having to ask\par
engineering teams to sometimes spend a few weeks doing\par
deep technical diligence to\par
decide for myself if a project is feasible.\par
But to hone your intuitions to help\par
you quickly filter feasible or not feasible projects,\par
here are a couple of other rules\par
of thumb about what makes\par
a machine learning problem\par
easier or more likely to be feasible.\par
One, learning a simple concept\par
is more likely to be feasible.\par
Well, what does a simple concept mean?\par
There's no formal definition of that\par
but it is something that takes you\par
less than a second of mental thought\par
or a very small number of seconds of mental thought\par
to come up with a conclusion then that would\par
lean to whether it being a simple concept.\par
So, you're looking outside\par
the window of a self-driving car to spot\par
the other cars that would be a relatively simple concept.\par
Whereas how to write an empathetic response,\par
so a complicated user complaints,\par
that would be less of a simple concept.\par
Second, a machine learning problem is more likely to be\par
feasible if you have lots of data available.\par
Here, our data means both the input A and the output B,\par
that you want the AI system to have in your A to B,\par
input to output mapping.\par
So for example, in the customer support application,\par
the input A would be examples of\par
emails from customers and B could\par
be labeling each of these customer emails as to\par
whether it's a refund requests or a shipping query,\par
or some other problem,\par
one of three outcomes.\par
Then if you have thousands of emails with both A and B,\par
then the odds of you building\par
a machine learning system to\par
do that would be pretty good.\par
AI is the new electricity and\par
it's transforming every industry,\par
but it's also not magic and it\par
can't do everything under the sun.\par
I hope that this video started to help you\par
hone your intuitions about what it can and cannot do,\par
and increase the odds of your selecting\par
feasible and valuable projects\par
for maybe your teams to try working on.\par
In order to help you continue developing your intuition,\par
I would like to show you\par
more examples of what AI can and cannot do.\par
Let's go into the next video.\par
One of the challenges of becoming\par
good at recognizing what AI can and\par
cannot do is that it does take seeing\par
a few examples of concrete successes and failures of AI.\par
If you work on an average of say,\par
one new AI project a year,\par
then to see three examples would take you\par
three years of work experience\par
and that's just a long time.\par
What I hope to do, both in\par
the previous video and in this video is\par
to quickly show you\par
a few examples of AI successes and failures,\par
or what it can and cannot\par
do so that in a much shorter time,\par
you can see multiple concrete examples to\par
help hone your intuition and select valuable projects.\par
So, let's take a look at a few more examples.\par
Let's say you're building a self-driving car,\par
here's something that AI can do pretty well,\par
which is to take a picture of what's in front of\par
your car and maybe just using a camera,\par
maybe using other senses as well such as radar or lidar.\par
Then to figure out,\par
what is the position,\par
or where are the other cars.\par
So, this would be an AI where the input A,\par
is a picture of what's in front of your car,\par
or maybe both a picture as well as\par
radar and other sensor readings.\par
The output B is,\par
where are the other cars?\par
Today, the self-driving car industry\par
has figured out how to collect\par
enough data and has pretty good algorithms\par
for doing this reasonably well.\par
So, that's what the AI today can do.\par
Here's an example of something that today's AI cannot do,\par
or at least would be very difficult using today's AI,\par
which is to input a picture and output\par
the intention of whatever\par
the human is trying to gesture at your car.\par
So, here's a construction worker\par
holding out a hand to ask your car to stop.\par
Here's a hitchhiker trying to wave a car over.\par
Here is a bicyclist raising\par
the left-hand to indicate that they want to turn left.\par
So, if you were to try to build\par
a system to learn the A to B mapping,\par
where the input A is\par
a short video of our human gesturing at your car,\par
and the output B is,\par
what's the intention or what does this person want,\par
that today is very difficult to do.\par
Part of the problem is that the number of ways\par
people gesture at you is very, very large.\par
Imagine all the hand gestures someone could\par
conceivably use asking you to slow down or go, or stop.\par
The number of ways that people could\par
gesture at you is just very, very large.\par
So, it's difficult to collect enough data from\par
enough thousands or tens of thousands\par
of different people gesturing at you,\par
and all of these different ways to\par
capture the richness of human gestures.\par
So, learning from a video to what this person wants,\par
it's actually a somewhat complicated concept.\par
In fact, even people have a hard time figuring out\par
sometimes what someone waving at your car wants.\par
Then second, because this\par
is a safety critical application,\par
you would want an AI that is\par
extremely accurate in terms of figuring out,\par
does a construction worker want you to stop,\par
or does he or she wants you to go?\par
And that makes it harder for an AI system as well.\par
So, today if you collect just say,\par
10,000 pictures of other cars,\par
many teams would build an AI system that at least\par
has a basic capability at detecting other cars.\par
In contrast, even if you\par
collect pictures or videos of 10,000 people,\par
it's quite hard to track down\par
10,000 people waving at your car.\par
Even with that data set,\par
I think it's quite hard today to build\par
an AI system to recognize humans intentions from\par
their gestures at the very high level of accuracy\par
needed in order to drive safely around these people.\par
So, that's why today,\par
many self-driving car teams have\par
some components for detecting other cars,\par
and they do rely on that technology to drive safely.\par
But very few self-driving car teams are\par
trying to count on the AI system to recognize\par
a huge diversity of human gestures and\par
counting just on that to drive safely around people.\par
Let's look at one more example.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc Say you want to build an AI system to look at\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 X-ray images and diagnose pneumonia.\par
So, all of these are chest X-rays.\par
So, the input A could be the X-ray image\par
and the output B can be the diagnosis.\par
Does this patient have pneumonia or not?\par
So, that's something that AI can do.\par
Something that AI cannot\par
do would be to diagnose\par
pneumonia from 10 images of a medical textbook chapter\par
explaining pneumonia.\par
A human can look at a small set of images,\par
maybe just a few dozen images,\par
and reads a few paragraphs\par
from medical textbook and start to get a sense.\par
But actually don't know,\par
given a medical textbook,\par
what is A and what is B?\par
Or how to really pose this as\par
an AI problems like know\par
how to write a piece of software to solve,\par
if all you have is just 10 images and a few paragraphs of\par
text that explain what pneumonia\par
in a chest X-ray looks like.\par
Whereas a young medical doctor\par
might learn quite well reading\par
a medical textbook at just looking\par
at maybe dozens of images.\par
In contrast, an AI system\par
isn't really able to do that today.\par
To summarize, here are some of\par
the strengths and weaknesses of machine learning.\par
Machine learning tends to work well\par
when you're trying to learn a simple concept,\par
such as something that you could do with less than\par
a second of mental thought,\par
and when there's lots of data available.\par
Machine learning tends to work\par
poorly when you're trying to learn\par
a complex concept from small amounts of data.\par
A second underappreciated weakness of\par
AI is that it tends to do poorly when it's\par
asked to perform on new types of data that's\par
different than the data it has seen in your data set.\par
Let me explain with an example.\par
Say you built a supervised learning system that uses A to\par
B to learn to diagnose pneumonia from images like these.\par
These are well pretty high quality chest X-ray images.\par
But now, let's say you take this AI system and\par
apply it at a different hospital\par
or different medical center,\par
where maybe the X-ray technician somehow strangely had\par
the patients always lie at an angle\par
or sometimes there are these defects.\par
Not sure if you can see the lost structures in the image.\par
These low other objects lying on top of the patients.\par
If the AI system has\par
learned from data like that on your left,\par
maybe taken from a high-quality medical center,\par
and you take this AI system and apply it to\par
a different medical center that\par
generates images like those on the right,\par
then it's performance will be quite poor as well.\par
A good AI team would be able to ameliorate,\par
or to reduce some of these problems,\par
but doing this is not that easy.\par
This is one of the things that AI is\par
actually much weaker than humans.\par
If a human has learned from images on the left,\par
they're much more likely to be able to adapt to images\par
like those on the right as they figure out\par
that the patient is just lying on an angle.\par
But then AI system can be much less\par
robust than human doctors in\par
generalizing or figuring out what to do\par
with new types of data like these.\par
I hope these examples are helping you hone\par
your intuitions about what AI can and cannot do.\par
In case the boundary between what it can or cannot\par
do still seems fuzzy to you, don't worry.\par
It is completely normal, completely okay.\par
In fact even today, I still can't look at a project\par
and immediately tell is something that's feasible or not.\par
I often still need weeks\par
or small numbers of weeks of technical diligence\par
before forming strong conviction\par
about whether something is feasible or not.\par
But I hope that these examples\par
can at least help you start imagining\par
some things in your company that might be\par
feasible and might be worth exploring more.\par
The next two videos after this are optional and are\par
a non-technical description of\par
what are neural networks and what is deep learning.\par
Please feel free to watch those.\par
Then next week, we'll go much more deeply into\par
the process of what\par
building an AI project would look like.\par
I look forward to seeing you next week.\par
\par
The terms deep learning and neural network are used almost interchangeably in AI.\par
And even though they're great for\par
machine learning, there's also been a bit of hype and bit of mystique about them.\par
This video will demystify deep learning, so\par
that you have a sense of what deep learning and neural networks really are.\par
Let's use an example from demand prediction.\par
Let's say you run a website that sells t-shirts.\par
And you want to know, based on how you price the t-shirts,\par
how many units you expect to sell, how many t-shirts you expect to sell.\par
You might then create a dataset like this,\par
where the higher the price of the t-shirt, the lower the demand.\par
So you might fit a straight line to this data, showing that as the price goes up,\par
the demand goes down.\par
Now demand can never go below zero, so\par
maybe you say that the demand will flatten out at zero, and\par
beyond a certain point you expect pretty much no one to buy any t-shirts.\par
It turns out this blue line is maybe the simplest possible neural network.\par
You have as input the price, A, and\par
you want it to output the estimated demand, B.\par
So the way you would draw this as a neural network is that\par
the price will be input to this little round thing there,\par
and this little round thing outputs the estimated demand.\par
In the terminology of AI, this little round thing here is called\par
a neuron, or sometimes it's called an artificial neuron, and\par
all it does is compute this blue curve that I've drawn here on the left.\par
This is maybe the simplest possible neural network with a single artificial neuron,\par
that just inputs the price and outputs the estimated demand.\par
If you think of this orange circle, this artificial neuron as a little Lego brick,\par
all that a neural network is, if you take a lot of these Lego bricks and stack them\par
on top of each other until you get a big power, a big network of these neurons.\par
Let's look at a more complex example.\par
Suppose that instead of knowing only the price of the t-shirts, you also have\par
the shipping costs that the customers will have to pay to get the t-shirts.\par
May be you spend more or less on marketing in a given week,\par
and you can also make the t-shirt out of a thick, heavy,\par
expensive cotton or a much cheaper, more lightweight material.\par
These are some of the factors that you think will affect the demand for\par
your t-shirts.\par
Let's see what a more complex neural network might look like.\par
You know that your consumers care a lot about affordability.\par
So let's say you have one neuron, and let me draw this one in blue,\par
whose job it is to estimate the affordability of the t-shirts.\par
And so affordability is mainly a function of the price\par
of the shirts and of the shipping cost.\par
A second thing though affecting demand for your t-shirts is awareness.\par
How much are consumers aware that you're selling this t-shirt?\par
So the main thing that affects awareness, is going to be your marketing.\par
So let me draw here a second artificial neuron that inputs your\par
marketing budget, how much you spend on marketing, and\par
outputs how aware are consumers of your t-shirt.\par
Finally, the perceived quality of your product will also affect demand,\par
and perceived quality would be affected by marketing.\par
The marketing tries to convince people this is a high quality t-shirt, and\par
sometimes the price of something also affects perceived quality.\par
So I'm going to draw here a third artificial neuron\par
that inputs price, marketing and material, and\par
tries to estimate the perceived quality of your t-shirts.\par
Finally, now that the earlier neurons, these three blue neurons,\par
have figured out how affordable, how much consumer awareness and\par
what's the perceived quality, you can then have one more neuron over\par
here that takes as input these three factors and outputs the estimated demand.\par
So this is a neural network, and\par
its job is to learn to map from these four inputs,\par
that's the input A, to the output B, to demand.\par
So it learns this input output or A to B mapping.\par
This is a fairly small neural network with just four artificial neurons.\par
In practice, neural networks used today are much larger, with easily thousands,\par
tens of thousands or even much larger than that numbers of neurons.\par
Now, there's just one final detail of this description that I want to clean up,\par
which is that in the way I've described the neural network,\par
it was as if you had to figure out that the key factors are affordability,\par
awareness and perceived quality.\par
One of the wonderful things about using neural networks is that\par
to train a neural network, in other words, to build a machine learning system using\par
neural network, all you have to do is give it the input A and the output B.\par
And it figures out all of the things in the middle by itself.\par
So to build a neural network, what you would do is feed it lots of data,\par
or the input A, and have a neural network that just looks like this,\par
with a few blue neurons feeding to a yellow open neuron.\par
And then you have to give it data with the demand B as well.\par
And it's the software's job to figure out what these blue neurons should\par
be computing, so that it can completely automatically learn the most\par
accurate possible function mapping from the input A to the output B.\par
And it turns out that if you give this enough data and\par
train a neural network that is big enough,\par
this can do an incredible good job mapping from inputs A to outputs B.\par
So that's a neural network, is a group of artificial neurons each of\par
which computes a relatively simple function.\par
But when you stack enough of them together like Lego bricks,\par
they can compute incredibly complicated functions that give you very accurate\par
mappings from the input A to the output B.\par
Now, in this video you saw an example of neural networks applied to demand\par
prediction.\par
Let's go on to the next video to see a more complex example\par
of neural networks applied to face recognition.\par
In the last video,\par
you saw how a neural network can be\par
applied to demand prediction,\par
but how can the new network look at\par
the picture and figure out what's in the picture?\par
Or listen to an audio clip and\par
understand what is said in an audio clip?\par
Let's take a look at a more complex example of\par
applying a neural network to face recognition.\par
Say you want to build a system to\par
recognize people from pictures,\par
how can a piece of software look at\par
this picture and figure out\par
the identity of the person in it?\par
Let's zoom in to a little square like that to\par
better understand how a computer sees pictures.\par
Where you and I see a human eye,\par
a computer instead sees that,\par
and sees this grid of\par
pixel brightness values that tells it,\par
for each of the pixels in the image,\par
how bright is that pixel.\par
If it were a black and white or grayscale image,\par
then each pixel would correspond to\par
a single number telling you how bright is that pixel.\par
If it's a color image,\par
then each pixel will actually have three numbers,\par
corresponding to how bright are the red,\par
green, and blue elements of that pixel.\par
So, the neural networks job is to take as input\par
a lot of numbers like these and tell\par
you the name of the person in the picture.\par
In the last video,\par
you saw how a neural network can take as input\par
four numbers corresponding to the price,\par
shipping costs, amounts of marketing,\par
and cloth material of a T-shirt and output demand.\par
In this example, the neural network just has to input\par
a lot more numbers corresponding to all\par
of the pixel brightness values of this picture.\par
If the resolution of this picture\par
is 1000 pixels by 1000 pixels,\par
then that's a million pixels.\par
So, if it were a black and white or grayscale image,\par
this neural network was take as input\par
a million numbers corresponding to the brightness of\par
all one million pixels in this image or if was\par
a color image it would take as\par
input three million numbers corresponding to the red,\par
green, and blue values of each of\par
these one million pixels in this image.\par
Similar to before, you will have many many of\par
these artificial neurons computing various values,\par
and it's not your job to figure\par
out what these neurons should compute.\par
The neural network will figured out by itself.\par
Typically, when you give it an image,\par
the neurons in the earlier parts\par
of the neural network will learn to detect\par
edges in pictures and then lobe\par
and later learn to detect parts of objects.\par
So, they learn to detect eyes and\par
noses and the shape of cheeks and the shape of mouths,\par
and then the later neurons, further to the right,\par
will learn to detect different shapes of\par
faces and it will finally,\par
put all this together to output\par
the identity of the person in the image.\par
Again, part of the magic of neural networks is that\par
you don't really need to worry\par
about what it is doing in the middle.\par
All you need to do is give it a lot of\par
data of pictures like this, A,\par
as well as the correct\par
identity B and the learning algorithm\par
will figure out by itself what each\par
of these neurons in the middle should be computing.\par
Congratulations on finishing\par
all the videos for this week.\par
You now know how machine learning and data science work.\par
I look forward to seeing you in next week's videos,\par
as well where you'll learn how to build\par
your own machine learning or data science project.\par
See you next week.\par
\par
\par
}
 